what is that I think it's the dying cat
parade Santa's coming from across the
street oh my god
what another thing the Bross was gonna
do it our wedding was hanging out with
me yesterday and he turned to me he said
you have Scottish right
no there is no way cannot be rocks
unbelievable why is your family Scottish
why is your family
Ross cannot play our wedding I mean
everyone will leave you'll be like where
he wrapped in my Bat Mitzvah we're just
told no okay probably practicing forever
he'll be crushed
well maybe there's some way we can tell
him without ruining his feelings I mean
come on that is just noise it's not even
a song hey listen very carefully I think
it's celebration by Kool in the game
well I feel like a snack do you want
some shortbread it's Scottish like you
are oh no thanks I don't like anything
from my Scottish heritage what just my
entire family was run out of Scotland by
Vikings anyway lots of bad memories I Oh
sounds to me like your family's ready to
rediscover its Scottish roots no no no
they're not mm-hmm they're still very
angry but you know Chandler is also half
Swedish you know what the Swedish people
are famous for sitting down and being
quiet yeah yeah but the Scottish history
is so I cannot play bagpipes at the
wedding how did you know about that we
heard you play all the way from your
apartment were you the ones who called
the cops that's not really important
right now what is important is while we
appreciate the gesture we just don't
feel the bagpipes are appropriate for
our wedding
why not because we hate them well that's
not fair you haven't even heard me play
we have heard you play
know you've heard me practice okay just
just give me a chance to perform for you
and then decide whatever you want and
I'm not gonna tell you what song I'm
gonna play either but let's just say
when it's over I'll bet there will be a
wee bit o celebration Jessica hates
horses yeah well I'm guessing after this
she's not gonna be crazy about
electricity either now remember you have
to imagine me in a kilt
huh
I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt
and knee socks
you want to start telling secrets yep
now remember I'm still learning
one two three
you know the song sing on
you
so no